Add monitoring to Prow cluster (#329)
kyma-project/test-infra: docs/prow/prow-monitoring.md

- Helm v2.11.0
- kubectl

## Provision a monitoring chart

1. Make sure that kubectl points to the correct cluster.
   
   ```bash
   gcloud container clusters get-credentials {clusterName} --zone={zoneName} --project={projectName}
   ```

2. Go to [prow/cluster](../../prow/cluster) directory

4. Download dependencies
   
   ```bash
   helm dependency build resources/monitoring
   ```

3. Install Monitoring chart

   ```bash
   helm install --name {releaseName} --namespace {namespaceName} resources/monitoring
   ```

4. Go to Grafana dashboard
   
   Grafana dashboard is available at this address https://monitoring.build.kyma-project.io. It may take some time till it will be achievable.

## Authenticate to Grafana

By default Grafana dashboards are visible for anonymous users with read-only access. Only authenticated users are able to create/edit dashboards. To login to Grafana please follow this steps

1. Get `admin` password from cluster

   ```
   kubectl -n {namespaceName} get secret {releaseName}-grafana -o jsonpath="{.data.admin-password}" | base64 -D
   ```

2. Go to https://monitoring.build.kyma-project.io/login

3. Provide credentials

   ```
   Login: admin

>    Password: value from 1 step

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Password: {The value from step 1}
```

   ```

## Create/edit Grafana dashboards

> To create/edit Grafana dashboards you must be logged in. Instruction how to works with Grafana dashboards is available [here](http://docs.grafana.org/guides/getting_started/). The main difference is how to store dashboards in our infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create or edit Grafana dashboards you must be signed in. The [official Grafana documentation](http://docs.grafana.org/guides/getting_started/) provides instructions on how to work with the dashboards. The main difference between the official guidelines and the the Kyma implementation of Grafana dashboards is the way in which you store them. 
```

> Please follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow these steps to save the dashboard:
```

> 1. Export dashboard to JSON format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Export the dashboard to a JSON format.
```

> 2. Store JSON in `prow/cluster/resources/monitoring/dashboards/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Save the JSON file under `prow/cluster/resources/monitoring/dashboards/`.
```

> 3. Update Grafana configuration on cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Update the Grafana configuration on the cluster.
```

   
   ```
   helm upgrade {releaseName} resources/monitoring --recreate-pods
   ```

>    > **NOTE:** `--recreate-pods` is required as secret with Grafana password is regenerated during upgrade operation and it needs to be populated to grafana.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > **NOTE:** `--recreate-pods` is required because the Secret with the Grafana password is regenerated during the upgrade and it needs to be populated to Grafana.
```
